Auth: implement auto_sign_up for auth.jwt (#37040)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/jwt.md

# Specify a claim to use as an email to sign in.
email_claim = sub

# auto-create users if they are not already matched
# auto_sign_up = true
```

> If `auto_sign_up` is enabled, the `sub` claim will be used as the "external Auth ID" and (if present) the `name` claim will be used as the user's full name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `auto_sign_up` is enabled, the `sub` claim is used as the "external Auth ID" and the `name` claim, is present, is used as the user's full name.
```

# auto_sign_up = true
```

> If `auto_sign_up` is enabled, the `sub` claim is used as the "external Auth ID" and the `name` claim, if present, is used as the user's full name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `auto_sign_up` is enabled, then the `sub` claim is used as the "external Auth ID". The `name` claim is used as the user's full name if it is present.
```
